docs(style guide): add version control guide (#1940)
asyncapi/community: docs/styleguide/version-control.md

---
title: Version Control
description: A guide to using version control in AsyncAPI
weight: 140
---
## Version Control

>  At AsyncAPI, version control is done to keep track of what's changed, who changed it, and why. This helps maintainers, contributors, and users understand how the documentation has evolved and makes it easier for everyone to contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 At AsyncAPI, version control is used to keep track of what has changed, who made the change, and why. This helps maintainers, contributors, and users understand how the documentation has evolved, making it easier for everyone to contribute.
```

4. **Be patient** - Good reviews take time, and feedback makes everything better

### Dealing with Old Content

Sometimes information gets outdated. Here's how it is handled at AsyncAPI :

* **Not all information is not deleted** - Someone might still need that information
* **Mark it clearly** - Look for [DEPRECATED] tags on outdated content
* **We provide alternatives** - Deprecated content includes links to current recommendations
* **We keep it accessible** - Old versions stay available for people who need them

### Keeping Track of Changes

For important documents, a "Version History" section is maintained and shows the following information:

* What is changed and when
* Who made the changes
* Why the changes were needed
* Links to discussions that led to the changes

This creates a story of how AsyncAPI’s documentation evolved, making it easier for others to understand decisions and learn from the past.

### Quick Tips for Success

When contributing to documentation, keep the following in mind:

* **Update the fork correctly** - Be sure to update the right version of the docs
* **Update multiple versions when needed** - If the change helps everyone, apply it broadly

> * **Ask questions** - Use GitHub issues or our the docs channel in Slack when facing problems with contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Ask questions** - Use GitHub issues or the `#11_contributing` channel in Slack when facing problems with contributing
```

* **Preview before submitting** - Test the pull request’s changes locally to make sure they look right
* **Be consistent** - Follow the patterns shown  in existing documentation

### Need Help?

> Contributing to documentation should be welcoming, not intimidating.  when facing an issue, consider doing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributing to documentation should be welcoming, not intimidating. When facing an issue, consider doing the following:
```
